Open FC_LV Weekly Skeleton 2019 (Remember to not pull from the week before if any zones had 0 mosquitoes caught. That week will have had formulas 
changed to 0 to account for the irregularity.) Delete the macro-generated sheets from the week before and clear the Weekly Data Input and 
Weekly 009 Input from the previous week.

Two documents from CMC: 
	Week # 20XX CSU West Nile Pool Data
	LC Week#_Full_20XX_009

For Week # 20XX CSU West Nile Pool Data:

	Copy & PasteValues into Skeleton (Both CSU and BC)
	Verify that Gravid + Deplete = Total (e.g. "=N2+O2=P2", returns true)
	Check to make sure that the dates are correct. This hasn't routinely been the case after copy&pastevalue for whatever reason
	Go to "FC_LV Week #" from the week before and find the CSU IDA pool #. Copy and paste the last value, add one,
		and then fill the full series. 
	When qRT-PCR data is available, highlight positive samples. Test code is "0" for negative samples and "1" for positives.
	(Make sure you reference by "CSU" ID numbers and include all PCR plates.)

	Go to the junk space beside the spreadsheet and fill in with this: "=Left(G2,2)&"-"&Left(L2,3)", 
		where G2 equals city and L2 equals species.Pull down for all samples. Copy and pasteValue 
		into the PIR-City colum.
	repeat with PIR-Zone column as before, only swapping out zone for city. "=LEFT(I2,2)&"-"&LEFT(L2,3)" 
		Remember, do not do paste the formula in the column itself, or the formatting will be jacked and your pivot tables will not work. 
		(You just want values, not formulas, in the PIR-City and PIR-Zone columns.)

For LC Week#_Full_20XX_009:

	Copy & PasteValues into Skeleton
	Sort and delete all malfunctions and gravid traps. Don't delete entire row, just columns with data (e.g. not the tarsalis/pipiens columns)
	Sort by trap #
	Verify that tarsalis + pipiens equals total Cx (e.g. "=J2+K2=G2", returns true)
	On "Total Number of Ind," go to Pivottable Analyze, Change Data Source.
		Include headers and expand data range to include all data. Then refresh the pivot table. 
	Go to Graphs, 2A, and confirm that "Number CDC light trap nights" is accurate. Default trap values for the various cities/zones are currently: 
	NW 9
	NE 10
	SE 15
	SW 9
	FC 43
	LV 37
	BE 5
        BC 19

	These may need to be updated from year to year and adjusted weekly to subtract any traps that malfunction. Contacts at VDCI and TA will 
	let you know if this happens. 
		

Go to main file in T-Drive and activate the macros by clicking on "PooledInfRate"

Generate four sheets in the following manner:
	Select add-ins from the Weekly Data Input sheet.
	click Pooled Infection Rate option, and select One Sample.
		For Groups, see below.
		For Pool Size, click the Total column and hit enter.
		For # Positive, click the Test Code column and hit enter.
		Ignore the Number of Pools (leave blank). 

	The four sheets will differ in their name and in the column used to generate groups. These are:

		Name		Groups 

		InfRateCI --- PIR-City
		InfRateZO --- PIR-Zone
		InfRateZone --- Zone
		InfRateTotal --- Account 

		[Note: If any of these four sheets generates multiple entries for a city, 
		go back and make sure "account" columns are exactly identical (i.e. no extra spaces or caps lock differences, etc).
		If that doesn't work, sort the sheet by the column you're using to generate the sheet and then generate the sheet again. 
		This process can be buggy. Saving the document, closing, and reopening can also help.]

Copy and paste the first two columns of InfRateZO into ZONEINFRATE sheet. Do not copy and paste directly
	or this will ruin your formatting. Do it manually after pasting to junk space on the spreadsheet. [InfRateZO appears to be FC only]

Copy and paste the first two columns of InfRateCI into CITYINFRATE sheet. Again, do not copy & paste directly.

Go to the following three sheets: Total Number Ind Examined, Total Number of Pools Examined, and
	Total Number of WNV + Pools. You'll want to update the data source from the previous week. 
	This is done by: PivotTable Analyze, Change Data Source, grab data through Test Result column. If there are errors, make sure
	there aren't capitalization differences or extra spaces in any of the input cells from the Weekly Data Input sheet.

Check Graphs Sheet for any formula reference errors

Then take InfRateZone into 3A (four zones) and InfrateTotal into 3A (FC-citywide and LV) [Remember to grab from the correct sheet]

Finally, take the righthand "All Culex" Columns of Graphs 1A, 2A, and 3a, and copy pasteValue into the correct
week of the corresponding B graph. Then change some of the number formats to make decimal places a bit more sane.

Last clean-up step: go back through weekly data input sheet and 009 input sheet and sort by CSU trap number.

NOTE: When copying the final spreadsheet graphs into the word document, remember to update the week on each #A graph.


















 

	